Refine target particles (#520)
gamer-project/gamer: doc/wiki/Runtime-Parameters-related/[Runtime-Parameters]-Particles.md

It will be automatically reset to `PAR_INIT=2` when adopting
[[OPT__INIT | [Runtime-Parameters]-Initial-Conditions#OPT__INIT]]=2.

<a name="PAR_FLAG_INIT"></a>
* #### `PAR_FLAG_INIT` &ensp; (0=off, >0: must-refine particles, <0: can-refine particles, 9999: set manually) &ensp; [0]
    * **Description:**
Automatically assign the refinement flags of all particles to `PAR_FLAG_INIT` when `PAR_INIT=1/3`.
Refer to [[OPT__FLAG_PAR_TARGET | [Runtime-Parameters]-Refinement#OPT__FLAG_PAR_TARGET]] for the definitions of must-refine
and can-refine particles. Set `PAR_FLAG_INIT=9999` to assign refinement flags manually, either by editing a
[particle IC function](https://github.com/hyschive/gamer-fork/wiki/Initial-Conditions#IC-Func-Particles) or by loading them from a

> [particle IC file](https://github.com/hyschive/gamer-fork/wiki/Initial-Conditions#IC-File-Particles).

Reviewer: Should we use the internal links?
```suggestion
[[particle IC function | Initial Conditions#IC-Func-Particles]] or by loading them from a
[[particle IC file | Initial Conditions#IC-File-Particles]].
```
